Add sbom to release assets (#652)
karmada-io/website: docs/administrator/security/verify-artifacts.md

The image verification process can also be implemented using the [sigstore policy-controller](https://docs.sigstore.dev/policy-controller/overview) controller during deployment. Here are some resources to help you get started with `policy-controller`:

- [Install](https://github.com/sigstore/helm-charts/tree/main/charts/policy-controller)
- [configuration options](https://github.com/sigstore/policy-controller/tree/main/config)

## SBOM

> SBOM, a Software Bill of Materials, is an inventory of all of the components that exist within a software resource, such as third-party libraries or modules, and has emerged as a key building block in software security and software supply chain risk management. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An SBOM, or Software Bill of Materials, is an inventory of all components within a software resource, such as third-party libraries or modules. It has emerged as a key building block in software security and supply chain risk management.
```

> Starting with release `v1.10.2`, SBOM for Karmada projects will be available in Karmada's release Assets. Integrated with different tools, we can get the information of:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with release `v1.10.2`, the SBOM for Karmada projects will be available in Karmada's release Assets. Integrated with different tools, we can get the information on:
```

- List of Components and Dependencies
- Version Information
- Licenses
- Dependency Trees/Graphs

> and so on. Below are two examples of using tools to parse karmada's SBOM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Below are two examples of using tools to parse karmada's SBOM.
```

### Prerequisites

You need to install the following tools:

> - `bom` ([Installation Guide](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/bom#installation))
> - `trivy` ([Installation Guide](https://aquasecurity.github.io/trivy/v0.52/getting-started/installation/))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `bom` (see [Installation Guide](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/bom#installation))
- `trivy` (see [Installation Guide](https://aquasecurity.github.io/trivy/v0.52/getting-started/installation/))
```

Author: Would it be better to stay consistent with https://github.com/karmada-io/website/blob/839c421a05042bb9954d83e54242cbc2382dba9d/docs/administrator/security/verify-artifacts.md?plain=1#L13-L15

- `tar` (usually provided by your OS)

And then, unzip `sbom.tar.gz` and get the SBOM in it.

```shell
$ tar -zxvf sbom.tar.gz
sbom-karmada.spdx
```

### View the structure of the information contained in the SBOM

> Using `bom document outline`, SBOM contents can be rendered too see how the information they contain is structured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using `bom document outline`, SBOM contents can be rendered to see how the information they contain is structured.
```
